Improve macOS installation instructions (#2449)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/installation-procedure.md

#### From the Installation File

It is better to download Webots using `curl` so that it doesn't get tagged as "downloaded from the Internet" and won't be blocked by macOS Gatekeeper:

1. Open a Terminal app.
2. Type `curl -L -O https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/releases/download/{{ webots.version.package }}/webots-{{ webots.version.package }}.dmg`.

> 3. From the finder, locate the downloaded `dmg` file, double-click on it. This will mount on the desktop a volume named `Webots` containing the `Webots` application.

Reviewer: It seems Finder is usually written with capital letter and I tried to check how we usually write extension and it seems we use uppercase without quotes
```suggestion
3. From the Finder, locate the downloaded DMG file, double-click on it. This will mount on the desktop a volume named `Webots` containing the `Webots` application.
```

> 4. Move this application to your home `~/Applications` folder or to your system `/Application` folder (administrator priviliges required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Move this application to your home `~/Applications` folder or to your system `/Application` folder (administrator privileges required).
```

#### From the Installation File

It is better to download Webots using `curl` so that it doesn't get tagged as "downloaded from the Internet" and won't be blocked by macOS Gatekeeper.

> To proceed, open a Terminal app and type the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To proceed, open the Terminal and type the following instructions to download and mount the Webots disk image:
```

```bash
curl -L -O https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/releases/download/{{ webots.version.package }}/webots-{{ webots.version.package }}.dmg
open webots-{{ webots.version.package }}.dmg
```

To install Webots only for the current user, without administrator privileges, proceed with:
```bash
mkdir ~/Applications
cp -r /Volumes/Webots/Webots.app ~/Applications

> open ~/Applications/Webots.app    # to launch Webots using the open command
> ~/Applications/Webots.app/webots  # to launch Webots directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Webots for any user, copy the Webots app to the system `/Applications` folder instead (administrator privileges required).

```

> Alternatively, you can double-click on the Webots icon to launch it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you can launch Webots typing any of these instructions:
    ```bash  
    open ~/Applications/Webots.app    # to launch Webots using the open command
    ~/Applications/Webots.app/webots  # to launch Webots directly
    ```
Alternatively, you can double-click on the Webots icon to launch it.
```

Indentation of the bash block is just to display it correctly as suggestion

> To install Webots for any user, copy the Webots app to the system `/Applications` folder (administrator privileges required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
